Okay, I had to lay off my entire social media team... of robots.
Seriously, my AI agents were supposed to sound chill, but they came out sounding like a broken sleep meditation.
The visuals were even worse—pure 2015 Ken Burns slideshows.
The root issue was they had no boss.
So I fixed the code.
I didn't add more features, I added governance.
Now, the AI Creative Director has to approve everything.
If a script sounds too hype-y or uses engagement bait like "smash that like button," it gets rejected instantly.
Next up, we’re switching to moving text and linking up to real trend APIs.
We’re not a content pipeline anymore; we’re a creative studio.
Learning as we go.